OpenJS CoC (#2033)
fastify/fastify: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

# Code of Conduct

Fastify, as member project of the OpenJS Foundation, use [Contributor Covenant v1.4](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/code-of-conduct) as their code of conduct. The full text is included [below](#contributor-covenant-code-of-conduct) in English, and translations are available from the Contributor Covenant organisation:

- [contributor-covenant.org/translations](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/translations)
- [github.com/ContributorCovenant](https://github.com/ContributorCovenant/contributor_covenant/tree/release/content/version/1/4)

Refer to the sections on reporting and escalation in this document for the specific emails that can be used to report and escalate issues.

## Reporting

### Project Spaces

> For reporting issues in spaces related to Fastify please use the email `hello@matteocollina.com` or `tommydelved@gmail.com`. Fastify handle CoC issues related to the spaces that it maintain. Projects maintainers commit to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For reporting issues in spaces related to Fastify please use the email `hello@matteocollina.com` or `tommydelved@gmail.com`. Fastify handles CoC issues related to the spaces that it maintains. Projects maintainers commit to:
```
